AIDETIC SOFTWARE PVT. LTD
CIN - U72900OR2018PTC029345
107/2445, Sishupalgarh           
Bhubaneswar - 751002
Odisha, India
Title:
Data Scientist
Location:
Bengaluru, Karnataka.
About us:
    We are an emerging Artificial Intelligence-based startup trying to cater to the needs of industries that employ cutting-edge technologies for their operations. Currently, we are into and provide services to disruptive sectors such as drone tech, video surveillance, human-computer interaction, etc. In general, we believe that AI has the ability to shape the future of humanity and we aim to work towards spearheading this transition.
About the role:
We are looking for a highly motivated data scientist with a strong algorithmic mindset and problem-solving propensity.
Since we are operating in a highly competitive market, every opportunity to increase efficiency and cut costs is critical and the candidate should have an eye for such opportunities. We are constantly innovating – working on novel hardware and software – so a high level of flexibility and celerity in learning is expected.
Experience:
2-4 years of experience
Responsibilities:
Design machine learning / deep learning models for products and client projects.
Creating and managing data pipelines.
Exploring new SOTA models and data handling techniques.
Coordinate with software development teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
Explore new promising technology and implement it to create awesome stuff.
Technology stack:
Must have:
Python
Pandas, Numpy
Tensorflow, Pytorch
Sklearn
Good to have:
Scipy
Opencv
Spacy, NLTK
What’s in it for you:
Opportunity to work on a lot of new cutting-edge technologies: We promise you rapid growth on your skillset by providing you with a steep learning curve.
Opportunity to work closely with our experienced founding members who are experts in developing scalable practical AI products and software architecture development.